Conventions for specification versioning (#17)
informalsystems/vdd: guide/naming.md

> # VDD Naming Convetions / Semantic Versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# VDD Naming Conventions / Semantic Versioning
```

Reviewer 2: > Although we will have duplication, we would be able to compare different versions without the need to check out different git branches.

I think I may not be understanding the proposed convention then, cause this part make sit sound like the differently versioned files will be named based on which branch they live on:

```
- There should be an additional stage `Withdrawn`, for the uncommon
  outcome that at some point we find the specification useless
- `Draft` should live in auxiliary branches
- `Proposal` should live in a PR
- `Reviewed`, `Published`, `Withdrawn` should live in the main
  (f.k.a. master) branch
```

if the suggestion is to have different draft versions which live *side by side* on the same branch, that actually makes a lot more sense to me.

In order to facilitate tracability over several iterations of English
and TLA+ specifications, and to make clear to external readers what is
the state of a given document, we use the following convention:

## English Spec

> As part of the version, each English specification should have one

Reviewer 2: This would help address the point on which I was unclear re: where this stage is actually supposed to go.

```suggestion
As part of the version, the file name and title of each English specification should include reference to one
```

of the following stages:

```
Draft --> Proposal --> Reviewed
             |
             |--> Published
```

- There should be an additional stage `Withdrawn`, for the uncommon
  outcome that at some point we find the specification useless
- `Draft` should live in auxiliary branches
- `Proposal` should live in a PR
- `Reviewed`, `Published`, `Withdrawn` should live in the main
  (f.k.a. master) branch
- From any stage, if updates need to be made, we first transition back
  to Draft.
  
  
Whenever the stage changes for a English specification, the version
number should increase. Here an example trace

Draft.1 -> Proposal.2 -> Reviewed.3 -> Draft.4 -> Proposal.5 ->
Published.6

> 

Reviewer 2: An example filename and document title would help make this even clearer. 

For the title, would it look something like

```
Draft.1: Title of the Spec
```

or have a different format?

For the file name, would this be part of the extension of the file

```
title-of-the-spec.Draft.1.md
```

or a prefix to the file name?
